README.md, before:

# Splitux Handlers Registry

Community-contributed game handlers for [Splitux](https://github.com/gabrielgad/splitux) - local splitscreen multiplayer on Linux.

## What are Handlers?

Handlers are configuration files that tell Splitux how to run a specific game with local splitscreen multiplayer. Each handler contains game-specific settings like executable paths, multiplayer backend configuration, and launch parameters.

## Structure

```
handlers/
├── game-id/
│   ├── handler.yaml    # Handler configuration (required)
│   ├── icon.png        # Game icon, square (required)
│   ├── header.jpg      # Banner image for detail view (required)
│   └── background.jpg  # Background image (optional)
```

## Contributing a Handler

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a new directory under `handlers/` with your game's ID (lowercase, hyphens for spaces)
3. Add the required files:
   - `handler.yaml` - Your handler configuration
   - `icon.png` - Square game icon (recommended: 256x256)
   - `header.jpg` - Banner image (recommended: 460x215 or similar Steam header ratio)
4. Update `index.json` with your handler's metadata
5. Submit a pull request

### handler.yaml Template

```yaml
name: Game Name
exec: game.exe
steam_appid: 123456
backend: goldberg  # or: photon, none
author: YourName
version: "1.0"
info: |
  Brief description of the handler.
  Any special instructions or notes.
```

### index.json Entry

Add your handler to the `handlers` array:

```json
{
  "id": "game-id",
  "name": "Game Name",
  "author": "YourName",
  "steam_appid": 123456,
  "backend": "goldberg",
  "description": "Brief description for the browse list",
  "updated": "2025-01-15"
}
```

## Guidelines

- Test your handler before submitting
- Include clear instructions in the `info` field if special setup is required
- Use descriptive IDs (e.g., `portal-2`, `stardew-valley`)
- Provide high-quality images when possible

## License

Handler configurations in this repository are provided as-is for use with Splitux.

Commit message:

Add initial handlers: ASTRONEER, PEAK, The Riftbreaker
- ASTRONEER: Goldberg backend, space exploration co-op
- PEAK: Photon backend with LocalMultiplayer mod, skiing game
- The Riftbreaker: Goldberg backend with disable_steam workaround

All handlers include icon.jpg and header.jpg from Steam cache.

README.md, after:

# Splitux Handlers Registry

Community-contributed game handlers for [Splitux](https://github.com/gabrielgad/splitux) - local splitscreen multiplayer on Linux.

## What are Handlers?

Handlers are configuration files that tell Splitux how to run a specific game with local splitscreen multiplayer. Each handler contains game-specific settings like executable paths, multiplayer backend configuration, and launch parameters.

## Structure

```
handlers/
├── game-id/
│   ├── handler.yaml    # Handler configuration (required)
│   ├── icon.jpg        # Game icon from Steam cache (required)
│   ├── header.jpg      # Banner image for detail view (required)
│   └── background.jpg  # Background image (optional)
```

## Contributing a Handler

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a new directory under `handlers/` with your game's ID (lowercase, hyphens for spaces)
3. Add the required files:
   - `handler.yaml` - Your handler configuration
   - `icon.jpg` - Game icon (can be copied from Steam's librarycache)
   - `header.jpg` - Banner image (library_header.jpg from Steam cache)
4. Update `index.json` with your handler's metadata
5. Submit a pull request

### handler.yaml Template

```yaml
name: Game Name
exec: game.exe
steam_appid: 123456
backend: goldberg  # or: photon, none
author: YourName
version: "1.0"
info: |
  Brief description of the handler.
  Any special instructions or notes.
```

### index.json Entry

Add your handler to the `handlers` array:

```json
{
  "id": "game-id",
  "name": "Game Name",
  "author": "YourName",
  "steam_appid": 123456,
  "backend": "goldberg",
  "description": "Brief description for the browse list",
  "updated": "2025-01-15"
}
```

## Guidelines

- Test your handler before submitting
- Include clear instructions in the `info` field if special setup is required
- Use descriptive IDs (e.g., `portal-2`, `stardew-valley`)
- Provide high-quality images when possible

## License

Handler configurations in this repository are provided as-is for use with Splitux.
